2.1 Mission
RomsJ Global Tech, in collaboration with the Embassy of the Republic of Ghana in the People’s Republic of China:
1.	Focus on providing technological needs to achieve critical goals for both profit and non-profit business operations in Ghana.
2.	Enhancing agricultural productivity by focusing on integrated farming, soil health management and resource conservation.
3.	To inspire startups and SMEs through the needed training and assistance to attain higher levels in their field.

2.2 Vision:
1.	To empower people and drive future growth across major areas like agribusiness, technology, health care, manufacturing, Infrastructure, and finance.
2.	To increase agricultural productivity leading to improve food supply chain, industrialization, and job creation through commercialization for crops needed for export.
3.	To give opportunity to business to accelerate through innovation and strategic alignment to reach a ‘world class’ levels in business.

2.3 Our Mantra:
Let’s Accelerate Growth

2.3 Our Core Values:
•	Innovation and adaptability
•	Strategic alignment
•	Collaboration and partnership
•	Sustainability and Ethics
•	Digital Ecosystem
•	Accountability and Tranparency

3.0	TARGETED AUDIENCE
Top business leaders and industrial executives, Provincial commerce and investment authorities, Manufacturers and supply chain operators, Technology and Agric-Tech firms, Infrastructure and engineering conglomerates, Financial institutions and investor from China
However, from Ghana, Private sector CEOs and entrepreneurs Sector associations, Exporters and trade houses, Government agencies (MoTI, GIPC, GEPA, MoFA, etc.), Infrastructure financiers, Startups and technology innovators.

4.	WHY SPONSOR 佰赋 BiFor 2026 (BE A SPONSOR)
•	Networking: Connect with VIPs, business leaders, and government figures
•	High-Profile Visibility: Association with influential personalities
•	Brand Exposure: Increase brand visibility, awareness, recognition, and more.
•	Competitive Advantage: create differentiative from business competitors with a strong market present.
•	Targeted Audience Engagement: to align with the specific targeted audience for your company or products and services. 
•	Building Credibility and Reputation: Alignment to this event give your brand trustworthiness and level of prestige.
•	CSR Recognition: Showcase commitment to multiculturalism and diaspora development.



Up Coming Event:
BiFor 2026 in China



ROMSJ GLOBAL TECH LIMITED
About Us
Mission

Focus on providing technological needs to achieve critical goals for both profit and non-profit business operations in Ghana.

Enhancing agricultural productivity by focusing on integrated farming, soil health management and resource conservation.

To inspire startups and SMEs through the needed training and assistance to attain higher levels in their field.

Our Vision

To empower people and drive future growth across major areas like agribusiness, technology, health care, manufacturing, infrastructure, and finance.

To increase agricultural productivity leading to improve food supply chain, industrialization, and job creation through commercialization for crops needed for export.

To give opportunity to business to accelerate through

Our Core Values

Innovation and adaptability

Strategic alignment

Collaboration and partnership

Sustainability and Ethics

Digital Ecosystem

Accountabil

Our Mantra

Let’s Accelerate Growth

Join us
Why Attend and Don’t miss BiFor 2026

Attending BiFor 2026 business forum offers critical reasons like gaining cutting-edge industry knowledge, networking with peers, influential personalities, and potential partners, discovering new tools, finding inspiration, boosting brand visibility, and accelerating personal and business growth through expert insights and strategic alignment.

BiFor 2026 is an eye opener event anchor on BIG PUSH government policy in enable economic stability, growth, opportunities for SMEs, Startups and Business Leaders/Investors.

However, the forum intend to create jobs and boost economic growth of the Republic of Ghana as we host The African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA).

(AfCFTA) is one of the Flagship Projects of Agenda 2063 Africa’s development framework. The AfCFTA aims at accelerating intra-African trade and boosting Africa’s trading position in the global market by strengthening Africa’s common voice.

BiFor 2026 is a business forum organized by ROMSJ GLOBAL TECH and GHANA EMBASSY IN CHINA. Connecting High-Level Chinese Investors with Ghanaian Stakeholders Across Strategic Development Sectors.

KEY BENEFITS

Networking: Connect with VIPs, business leaders, and government figures

High-Profile Visibility: Association with influential personalities

Brand Exposure: Increase brand visibility, awareness, recognition, and more.

Competitive Advantage: create differentiative from business competitors with a strong market present.

Targeted Audience Engagement: to align with the specific targeted audience for your company or products and services.

Building Credibility and Reputation: Alignment to this event give your brand trustworthiness and level of prestige.

CSR Recognition: Showcase commitment to multiculturalism and diaspora development.

Skills Enhancement: Attend workshops for practical skills, from leadership to negotiation, and gain a real-world perspective.

Partnership Opportunities: Find strategic collaborators for joint ventures.

Improve as a Leader: Getting ideas and tips to become a great leader in time of change and team player.

Develop your Business: Opportunity to meet top class expert in the your field of business. For example; entrepreneurs, Leaders, Influencers, Thinkers, Consultants, Financiers, and many more.

Don’t miss it!

5.0 BENEFIT

Investment in this 佰区 BiFor 2026 ‘BIG PUSH’ will generate general benefit for the sponsor or partner. For example; increase exposure of the sponsor’s business or product and services, creation of network opportunities for the sponsor to enhance its image. Proud sponsors and partners in Presenting or Platinum will have opportunity to meet all high profile and influential personalities after the special event in China.

Lastly, sponsors will be introduced properly from start to finish or given time to speak about their companies, products and services.

Thank you for taken time to read our proposal.
To discuss this proposal further, please contact our Sponsorship coordinators:

WHY ATTEND AND DON’T MISS BIFOR 2026

Attending a business forum offers critical reasons like gaining cutting-edge industry knowledge, networking with peers and potential partners, discovering new tools, finding inspiration, boosting brand visibility, and accelerating personal and business growth through expert insights and strategic connections

BiFor

04